# cs203-S2020-lab2-starter

Designed for use with [GitHub Classroom](https://classroom.github.com/), this
repository contains the starter for Laboratory 2 in Computer Science 203. As
part of this assignment, you should answer all of the questions in the
`reflection.md` file, furnishing evidence of your contributions to the project.
Students who have questions about this task should talk with a student technical
leader or the course instructor. Before the due date for this project, please
ensure that:

- You made significant contributions to the shared GitHub repository for the
  Project Management Guide.

- The build status for the shared GitHub repository for the Project Management
  Guide is passing.

- The GitHub repository for the Project Management Guide do not have any open,
  unresolved issues in it.

- This GitHub repository contains a completed reflection file.

- You have followed the required best practices for asking the course instructor
  for feedback on the work that you completed for this laboratory assignment.

## References to the Shared GitHub Repository

As part of this assignment, you will work in an entire-class team to complete
all of the required tasks in the two following repositories:

- [Project Management Guide for Computer Science 203 Spring 2020](https://github.com/Allegheny-Computer-Science-203-S2020/cs203-S2020-management)

## Assignment Assessment

Taking inspiration from the principles of [specification-based
grading](http://rtalbert.org/return-to-specs-grading-calculus/), the grade that
a student receives on this assignment will have the following components:

- **Travis CI Build Status**: Since additional checks on the source code and/or
  technical writing may be encoded in Travis CI's actions, students will receive
  a checkmark grade if their last before-the-deadline build passes and a green
  &#x2714; appears in their GitHub commit log instead of a red &#x2717;. As with
  the previous grading component, students are encouraged to repeatedly revise
  their source code and technical writing in an attempt to get their Travis CI
  build to pass.

- **Mastery of Technical Writing**: Students will also receive a checkmark grade
  when the responses to the technical writing questions presented in the
  `reflection.md` reveal a mastery of both writing skills and technical
  knowledge. To receive a checkmark grade, the submitted writing should have
  correct spelling, grammar, and punctuation in addition to following the rules
  of Markdown and providing technically accurate answers. Students are
  encouraged to ask the course instructor or a student technical leader to use
  the GitHub issue tracker to provide feedback on their mastery of technical
  writing skills.

- **Mastery of Technical Knowledge and Skills**: Students will also receive a
  checkmark grade when their GitHub repository reveals that they have mastered
  all of the technical knowledge and skills developed during the completion of
  this assignment. As a part of this grade, the instructor will assess aspects
  of the project including, but not limited to, the use of effective Markdown
  syntax and appropriate Git commit messages. Students are encouraged to ask the
  course instructor or a student technical leader to use the GitHub issue
  tracker to provide feedback on how well their work demonstrates mastery of the
  assignment's technical knowledge and skills.

Students who wish to receive feedback on their work for this laboratory
assignment should first open an issue on the issue tracker for this GitHub
repository, giving an appropriate title and description for the type of feedback
that you would like the course instructor to provide. After creating this issue,
you will see that GitHub has created a unique web site that references this
issue. To alert the course instructor to the fact that the issue was created and
that you want feedback on your work, please send it to him by a Slack direct
message at least 24 hours in advance of the project's due date. After the
instructor responds to the issue, please resolve all of the stated concerns and
participate in the discussion until the issue is closed.

All grades for this project will be reported through a student's GitHub
repository using either messages in the GitHub commit log or issues raised in
the issue tracker. Students should ask questions about their grade for this
project in GitHub so as to facilitate an effective conversation about the
submitted deliverables.

## Problems with the Assignment

If you have any problems with the completion of this assignment, then please
create an issue in this repository using the "Issues" link at the top of this
site. Before this assignment is submitted by the due date, all the issues in
this repository should have been assigned to a team member, discussed, handled,
marked as resolved, and then closed.
